The internet is a collection of interconnected networks. A network is, in a very simple sense, two computers that are linked together and are able to share data with one another. The way we accomplish this today is by connecting our computers and devices to routers. Routers are specialized little computers that act as the data director for the connected devices. All the devices are able to be connected through using the router because the router 'routes' the data from Computer A to the correct recipient. Your router is also connected to a larger network in the form of your Internet Service Provider(ISP). ISP's are also connected to other networks and ISP's, and so on and so forth until you're on a global scale. 
The web is a collection of data pages stored as HTML on servers. Servers are computers that recieve requests from client computers (aka, your computer) for data stored on the server. This is how the HTML web page is delivered to you. Your web browser is a program that reads  the HTML and interprets it in a usable form on your screen. In order to make a request to a server you have to know its IP address. Each computer connected to a network will recieve an Internet Protocol Address (IP Address) which is a number that specifies your computer. This address is how you are able to connect with other computers over the internet. Since humans have a hard time remembering 4 different obscure numbers ranging from 0 to 255, We made DNS, or Domain Name Services, that attach a nickname to the IP address in the form of web addresses (google.com, facebook.com, etc.). When you type the domain name in your browsers url bar and hit enter, a request is being made by your computer to the IP address associated with that Domain Name. Your computer will check to see if you have that domain name/IP address combo stored in your local memory, if its not it will check the router's memory, if its not there it will check your ISP's memory, if its not there it will check the next higher level of network until the information is found. When the information is found, your computer is connected to another computer, aka the webpage's server, and the server delivers the data requested to your computer if its available.